Open packet tracer using "packettracer" in terminal

Go to End Devices, drag and drop 2 generic PC's

Go to Network Devices, drag and drop 2 2950T Switches, drag and drop 2 2811 Routers.

Click on one Router.
    
    On the next screen that pops up, in Physical device view, click on zoom out, disable the router by clicking on the tiny block 
    containing a green signal.

    Go to WIC-2T. CLick on the wifi card that's visible and drag and drop it to the Physical device view, where you have 4 black boxes.
    Do the same for the second router. Make sure to enable the router by clicking on the tiny block sans signal to get signal again.

Go to connections, select copper straight view. We will use this to connect pc to switch and switch to router.
    
    Order does not matter. Drag from pc to it's corresponding switch. When you click on pc a mini panel opens up, select fast
    ethernet from there. Drag to switch. Switch has a default configuration of 24 ports. You can select any port. That port is
    allocated to the PC.
    Take another copper straight view. Select a port. This port is allocated to router.Drag wire to router and select fastethernet 0.

In connections itself, select Serial DTE. Note Serial DTE, not Serial DCE. This is used to connect between routers.
    
    Click on one router, select a serial. Connect to another router, select any serial. Can be same or different, just remember
    what you chose, cause we will be using it later. 

Repeat the process done on line 15 of copper straight view for pc and switch 2

Now assign the network ipv4 addresses. Let one network (pc1, switch1, router1) be 192.168.1.0. Let second network be 192.168.2.0

Now assign individual ipv4 addresses to the different components. Just use labels for now.  

Click on the pcs, go to Desktop, ip configuration, in static set ip address, subnet mask, default gateway(router ip via switch) and close the screen

Click on routers, click on config, click on router's respective INTERFACE, set port status on, set ip address via switch and mac address.

        Select respective Serial port, enable port status, enter serial ip and subnet.

        Go to RIP tab, enter the ip and subnet address for the serial and fastethernet you are using together on your router.

